Fixes #25970: Make compilation resolved loops over Blocks/Methods in techniques possible (#6049)
Normation/rudder: policies/rudderc/docs/src/syntax.md

      * `worst-case-weighted-sum`: Select the worst status from all methods, and use it as the block compliance, with a weight equal to the total number of methods below the block.
      * `worst-case-weighted-one`: Select the worst status from all methods, and use it as the block compliance, with a weight of 1.
  * `id` (required with `focus` mode): ID of the method to focus reporting on.

> * `foreach` (optional): List of dictionary, repeat the block for each items in the list and each time, replace every occurrence of `${item.x}` in the subitems, condition by the corresponding value in the dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `foreach` (optional): List of dictionaries, repeats the block for each item in the list and each time, replace every occurrence of `${item.x}` in the subitems andcondition by the corresponding value in the dictionary.
```

> * `foreach_name` (optional): Name of the local iterator variable to use if a `foreach` loop is used. Default to `item`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `foreach_name` (optional): Name of the local iterator variable to use if a `foreach` loop is used. Defaults to `item`.
```

          path: "/home/${user.login}/${file.path}"
        foreach_name: "file"
        foreach:
          - path: ".vimrc"
          - path: ".bashrc"
```

would resolve to

```yaml
items:
  - name: "Deploy utility files for bob"
    items:
      - name: "Deploy file ~/.vimrc"
        method: file_from_shared_folder
        params:
          hash_type: sha256
          source: ".vimrc"
          path: "/home/bob/.vimrc"
      - name: "Deploy file ~/.bashrc"
        method: file_from_shared_folder
        params:
          hash_type: sha256
          source: ".bashrc"
          path: "/home/bob/.bashrc"
  - name: "Deploy utility files for alice"
    items:
      - name: "Deploy file ~/.vimrc"
        method: file_from_shared_folder
        params:
          hash_type: sha256
          source: ".vimrc"
          path: "/home/alice/.vimrc"
      - name: "Deploy file ~/.bashrc"
        method: file_from_shared_folder
        params:
          hash_type: sha256
          source: ".bashrc"
          path: "/home/alice/.bashrc"
```

## Resources

Files can be attached to a technique, they will automatically be deployed in the policies when used on a node.

> The absolute path of the folder containing the resource files is accessible from within a technique using the variable `${}`.

Reviewer: why?
